CodeMate| Your personalised and secured AI Pair Programmer
Limited Time Deal- Now try CodeMate Pro for as low as $8/mo! Know more
Features
Pricing
Contact
 For Education
Get Started
 The fastest
 way to write error-free code
Code 10x faster as CodeMate search, navigate and understand complex
 codebases for you.
Install our VS Code Extension
Have a question?
Schedule a demo
lines of code reviewed so far
Trusted by engineers at
 Say goodbye
 to Overloading Tabs
Say hello to smarter coding- CodeMate's Intuitive
 Interface makes Coding a Breeze!
Prevent project delays, get paid sooner
Code with Confidence 
Streamline Your Workflow with 10x productivity
 An AI pair programmer made for
Focus on solving problems, not debugging.
AI Assistant: Your co-developer while programming
Make changes in your codebase like CRUD operations, add documentations or perform any task
 on your behalf with just a command. 
Instantly debug code to
 get
 the required output
The Debug code feature analyse your code on multiple test
 cases
 based on your approach and generate detailed fixes along
 with
 description of the error that you may have otherwise missed
 to
 achieve the desired output.
Optimise bad quality code within seconds
Refactor your codebase to remove redundant and error-prone code to make it production
 ready.
CodeMate Chat:
 ChatGPT with context-awareness 
Connect your codebase, documentations and Git repositories and start interacting with
 them without any data leaving your existing environment.
Get detailed
 code
 review 
Review your code as per best practices to be
 followed
 in software development through AI as if an
 experienced developer is sitting beside you
 Choose a pricing
 plan
Monthly
Annually 
One-Time
Pro Plan
For individual developers and freelancers
/month
Includes:
Debug, Review and Refactor Code
Unlimited internet searches
CodeMate Assistant Access
Search & Chat with Documentations & codebases
Generate Unit/Functional Test cases
Subscribe
 Most Recommended
Teams Plan
For smaller development teams and startups
/month
/user
Everything in Pro, plus
Collaborative Knowledge Base Sharing
Bring your own Key
Advanced ML models
Seat Management
Automated PR reviews
Subscribe
Organisation
For SMBs and Enterprises
Let's Talk
Everything in Teams, plus:
Dedicated Account Manager
On-premises Deployment
Custom fine-tuned models
Priority Support
 Contact Us
Tier Plan 1
For solo developers and Programming Enthusiasts
$59
$360
Includes:
1 seat
60,000 total tokens per month
5 total knowledge bases
1 GB total storage space
250 internet searches per month
Github integration(s)
Buy Now
Tier Plan 2
For Professional developers and freelancers
$169
$360
Includes:
1 seat(s)
175,000 total tokens per month
10 total knowledge bases
3 GB total storage space
500 internet searches per month
Codebase + GitHub + URL integration(s)
Buy Now
50,000+ professional developers enhancing their productivity through CodeMate
4.6 ★★★★☆
4.4 ★★★★☆
❮
❯
 Proud to be recognised
 by
We're the Talk of the Town
We are recognized by some of the most recognised tech, content, and news platforms, organisations and industry experts around the globe.
ASEAN-India Scalehub 2024 in Bali, Indonesia
CodeMate was one of the Top 40 growth stage startups from ASEAN and India selected for this flagship event
Read More
AWS APJ GenAI Spotlight 2024 (Previously ML Elevate)
CodeMate selected for the AWS Generative AI Spotlight program for top pre-seed and seed-stage ready startups across Asia-Pacific and Japan
Read More
Generative AI Startup Landscape Report, 2023 by Inc42
CodeMate was featured in this report as one of the top generative AI startups in India building in Code and Data domain
Read More
Tech30: Thirty most promising Indian startups of 2023
Selected amongst a list of India’s 30 most promising startups having the potential to be major disruptors.
Read More
How CodeMate Aspires To Become The Grammarly Of Coding
Inc42 featured CodeMate in this article on how the startup aims to become the Grammarly of coding
Read More
7 Gen AI Startups That Caught Our Eyes in 2024
CodeMate recognized among top 7 AI startups in 2024 by Inc42
Read More
Nasscom Generative AI Startup Landscape Report 2023
CodeMate AI was featured in this report as one of the top generative AI startups building from India for the world
Read More
MoneyControl Article
Featured as one of the top 9 interesting generative AI startups in India by Moneycontrol
Read More
30 Startups To Watch: AI Startups That Caught Our Eyes In February 2024
CodeMate got featured in this prestiguous list of top 30 AI startups by Inc42
Read More
Google Developers Startup Bootcamp 2022
Google organized the 1st University edition of Google for Startups Accelerator in India, and we were honored to be one of the top 10 startups selected in the cohort out of over 1500 applicants across India.
Read More
UAE – India Business Forum 2024 in Mumbai, India| Meet with Abu Dhabi Prince HH Al Nahyan
Invited as one of the selective growth stage companies for this exclusive event held in Mumbai. The event was organised by the UAE Ministry of Economy and the UAE Embassy in India, in collaboration with the Ministry of Commerce and Industry in India.
Meeting Ethiopian Ambassador H.E. Demeke Atnafu Ambulo
CodeMate was one of the few startups invited to meet with the Ethiopian Ambassador to India, H.E. Demeke Atnafu Ambulo, at International Ambassador Meet 2024 in New Delhi.
Read More
Interview with Businessworld
Our founder, Ayush Singhal interviewed with BusinessWorld and talked about the opportunities coming up in the startup ecosystem and how CodeMate AI is becoming the forefront of AI in software development
Read More
Media Feature: Indian Startup News
Indian Startup News featured CodeMate in this article on how we are building AI for developers and making them 10x productive while writing code.
Read More
Winner of Artificial Intelligence Awards' 23
CodeMate was the winner in the category of Most Innovative Programming Solutions-India in Artificial Intelligence Awards' 23 organised by Corporate Vision Magazine
Read More
Podcast with Sandeep Jain, Founder of GeeksforGeeks
Our founder, Ayush Singhal got invited by Mr. Sandeep Jain, founder of GeeksforGeeks to talk about CodeMate's innovative approach to AI in software development
Read More
Exclusive Roundtable with Sam Altman, Founder of OpenAI
Our founder, Ayush Singhal was invited to an exclusive roundtable discussion with Sam Altman, the founder of OpenAI, to discuss the future of AI and its impact on the world on 8th June 2023. It was an exclusive invite only for top 15 founders and developers building in Generative AI.
Featured at Razorpay FTX'24
We were featured at Razorpay FTX'24, one of the biggest fintech events in India held on 23rd February 2024. We were as one of the top innovative startups backed by Razorpay Rize.
Winner of Global Student Entrepreneur Awards, Bangalore 2023-24
CodeMate AI got the first position in the Global Student Entrepreneur Awards Regional Finals held in Bangalore in Febrary 2024
Devfest 2023 organised by Google Developers Group, Delhi
We were one of the official partners for this event and had a booth to showcase CodeMate AI to the developer community in Delhi.
Startup Mahakumbh 2024
CodeMate AI was recognized among top 20 startups from Uttar Pradesh and got a chance to showcase their product in Startup Mahakumbh held in Bharat Mandapam, New Delhi on 18th March 2024 which was witnessed by over 10,000 people and graced by the presence of Honorable Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Nexus Startup Program by US Embassy: Cohort 17
CodeMate AI was selected amongst 1000+ applicants for cohort 17 of Nexus Startup Program run by US Embassy in American Center, New Delhi.
Read More
Alumni Meet of Nexus Startup Program with Eric Garcetti, US Ambassador to India
CodeMate AI was invited to an exclusive alumni meet for selected startups of Nexus Startup Program run by US Embassy in American Center, New Delhi, where we had the opportunity to discuss our startup journey and innovations with Eric Garcetti, the former Mayor of Los Angeles and the current US Ambassador to India. Date: 17th November 2023.
Read More
Pitchfest 2023: Techsparks Bangalore
CodeMate AI got featured in this article on Techsparks Bangalore organised by YourStory
Read More
Starting Up with Shradha Sharma, Founder of YourStory
Our founder Ayush Singhal was invited in a show with Shradha Sharma, founder of YourStory to talk about CodeMate's innovative approach to AI in software development
Read More
Media Feature: YourStory
CodeMate's innovative approach got recognised and featured by YourStory, a leading media house globally'
Read More
Media Feature: YourStory
CodeMate got mentioned in this article featuring top startups of Nasscom GenAI Foundry.
Read More
South Asia Finals of Global Student Entrepreneur Awards'24
CodeMate AI was selected amongst top 4 startups from India out of 1000+ applicants to represent India at the Global Student Entrepreneur Awards South Asia Finals 2024.
Read More
Invited as Jury Member for IDE Bootcamp by Ministry of Education
Our founder, Ayush Singhal was invited as a Jury Member for IDE Bootcamp by Ministry of Education, Government of India to mentor and guide Smart India Hackathon students on their business ideas.
Selected for AIIDE cohort by IIT Kanpur
CodeMate AI was selected in Artificial Intelligence and Innovation Driven Entrepreneurship Center of Excellence (AIIDE) cohort 4 by IIT Kanpur
Business World Tech Talks
We were invited at Business World Tech Talks held in New Delhi
Read More
Awarded NIDHI EiR by Department of Science and Technology
CodeMate AI was recognised by TIDES, IIT Roorkee and awarded NIDHI EiR by Department of Science and Technology, Government of India
Awarded TIDE 2.0 grant by Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, Government of India
CodeMate AI was awarded with TIDE 2.0 grant by MEITY and recognised by JECRC Incubation Center
National Finalist in Entrepreneurship World Cup
We were the National finalists in Entrepreneurship World Cup'22 organised by Misk Global Forum, Global Entrepreneurship Network and The Global Education & Leadership Foundation.
Featured in Dainik Jaagran
Our journey was featured in Dainik Jaagran, a leading Hindi daily newspaper in India.
Gen AI Summit by Businessworld
Our founder, Ayush Singhal was invited as a speaker at Gen AI Summit organised by Businessworld in New Delhi.
Global Student Entrepreneur Awards, Noida 2024
CodeMate AI was selected amongst top 10 startups from India out of 100+ applicants to showcase at the Global Student Entrepreneur Awards Regional Finals held in Noida in 2023.
Nasscom 10000 Startups
CodeMate AI got selected for the 10000 Startups program by Nasscom
AI in Software Development Conf'24
Our founder, Ayush Singhal was Invited as a speaker at AI in Software Development Conference'24 organised by Geekle.us and witnessed by over 1000+ developers and tech enthusiasts.
View More
Frequently asked questions
What kind of coding errors does
 your tool help fix?
 Our tool can help fix a variety of coding errors, including syntax errors,
 logical errors, performance issues and even run-time errors. We use advanced
 algorithms and machine learning techniques to analyze your code and provide
 suggestions for improvement.
How does your tool perform code
 reviews?
 CodeMate can analyze your code against best practices and industry standards
 to help identify potential issues and improve the overall quality of your
 code. We can provide feedback on things like code style, naming guidelines,
 formatting, documentation, and more.
Can your tool optimize code
 automatically?
 Yes, our tool can suggest optimizations for your code, such as identifying
 areas where you can use more efficient algorithms or data structures.
 However, it's up to you to implement these optimizations in your code.
Can your tool be used with any
 programming language?
Our tool supports all programming languages and frameworks including but not limited to Python,
 JavaScript, Java, C++, C#, PHP,
 TypeScript, Ruby, Swift, Go, Kotlin, Rust, R, MATLAB, Perl, Shell scripting, SQL, Objective-C,
 Scala, Haskell, Dart, Elixir, Erlang, Fortran and Prolog. and many more. We're constantly adding
 support for new languages, so if you don't see your language working with CodeMate, please contact
 us and
 let us know. Moreover, you can also add the documentation of any new language/framework in your
 Knowledge base and refer it while asking questions to get up-to-date information.
Is my code kept private and secure?
 Yes, we take the security and privacy of your code very seriously. We use
 industry-standard encryption and security protocols to protect your code and
 ensure that it remains private and secure at all times.
How do I get started with your
 tool?
 CodeMate offers a quick and easy way to fix your coding errors, without the
 need for switching your existing environment. If you are working in Visual
 Studio Code, you can simply install CodeMate extension there and start
 using. Or else, you can use our own IDE to code and fix your errors.
How accurate is results generated
 by CodeMate?
 The accuracy of the results generated by CodeMate depends on several
 factors, including the quality and specificity of the code description
 provided by the user. Our models are trained on the latest data available
 from sources such as Stack Overflow and open-source repositories, but it's
 important to note that they may not always produce perfect results. However,
 users can edit and refine the results as needed to ensure that they meet
 their specific requirements. Overall, we strive to provide the most accurate
 and useful results possible to help developers improve their code.
Still have questions?
Get in touch with our team.
Contact
Bring CodeMate to your IDE
Download our Visual Studio Code extension and build software 20x faster.
Download Now
Join our awesome community
 Share work, seek support, vote on components, stay updated and network with other
 code mates.
Join our
 Discord community
Made by 
Team Codemate
Building from 🇮🇳 for the 🌎
Get Started
CodeMate for Education
Features
Pricing
Documentation
Hugging Face
Refund Policy
Discord
VS Code
Privacy Policy
© 2024 CodeMate. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service